Stop
Xu Yao told you to put Xu's medicine
Or I'll make your life worse than death.
It's none of my business.
It's all him, it's all his orders
Close your eyes, are you trying to protect Xu? You've been following me, right?
How many years do you need for murder?
I've already warned you not to complain about closing your eyes
You are going too far.
He's probably just a little live streaming host
Why can I get your love so easily?
I am the eldest lady of the Rong family
I can't compare to him
Why go
You had multiple miscarriages while studying in the UK
There is still a face to compare with him
I can't have you even if I'm single for the rest of my life
You know, so what?
I'm also cleaner than the fact that I sold myself
What are you doing?
Do it now!
The things in our Rong family can get you 10 million even if you are in prison
I will never pay it back
Hey don't come
I'll take a piece of Confucius to chase the stars, don't just go, go away
He's gone crazy, go away
Murder requires jail time
You just let him go
I'll give you as much as you want.